1. I went to a music store because I had been thinking about taking up an instrument I used to play, the violin, as a child. I wanted to do something that would give me more access to my creative side because I felt it had been extremely repressed. I went to try out and see what it would feel like to handle the instrument again and decide if it was something I wanted to pursue.

2. I am proud that I am not a quitter. Despite some very stressful circumstances over long periods of time, I haven't given up on taking risks.

3. I was diagnosed with depression more than fifteen years ago. I sought help because I was feeling suicidal.

4. I have been in therapy off and on since I was eighteen and have tried a variety of methods. I started working with a neurolinguistic programmer, which was the first person that helped me make permanent changes, allowing me to get off my antidepressants. Although I've struggled with some bouts of depression, it's never been extremely severe, and it was one of the best things that ever happened to me.

5. I was physically ill with chronic fatigue syndrome, and a client referred me to a person who had cured her of that disease. After my first conversation with him, I knew it was the right step for me.

6. In the past week, I've been feeling a lot better. The weather has changed, spring has sprung, and it's a little warmer. I was having more trouble with my depression in the winter and was sick with the flu. In the past week, I decided I was feeling better enough to get out of my rut, start getting more focused, walk my dog every day, not isolate so much, and see some of my friends more. I've been feeling a lot better, like I've been making progress, and things have taken a more positive turn.

7. Before I came here, I argued with someone about financial stress.

8. I have a history of chronic insomnia and some health problems, so it's challenging not to feel rested most of the time.

9. My fiancée is the most positive person in my life and my ultimate supporter.

10. I consider myself more shy, although most people would consider me outgoing. To relax, I put on classical music, play with my dog, and go for a walk.

11. I was so happy when I felt I found the answer I had been looking for. I hadn't given up hope, and I was on cloud nine. I had been suffering for a long time, and I felt that I finally found the solution I was looking for. It was the best decision I ever made, and I felt extremely hopeful for the first time in a long time.
