1. I am outgoing and comfortable going places alone, but I am shy when conversing with strangers.

2. My husband and I created a living trust to ensure everything is in order, so our children won't have to worry about making decisions when we're gone.

3. I sleep very well and have no problems with getting a good night's sleep.

4. My husband and I had a disagreement over construction work on our house because he hired someone I advised against due to a personal relationship, and now there are issues with the project.

5. I have two sons, one of whom is married, and I recently became a grandmother. One son works as a property conveyance examiner, and the other is a computer engineer. I've been married for thirty-three years.

6. I have prepared for the future by getting burial insurance and writing my own obituary to make things easier for my children.

7. If I could give advice to my younger self, I would have saved more money before retiring.

8. I regret not being able to maintain my weight and often find myself gaining it back after losing it.

9. Watching my children grow and become parents themselves is rewarding, and I see the values they learned from me reflected in their parenting.

10. The hardest moment for me was when my mother died, and I had to organize her funeral without her having left things in order.

11. I enjoy entering sweepstakes online and have been successful at it since I was a kid.

12. I have been feeling a bit tired due to vitamin deficiencies but cope by walking more.

13. As a parent, I am less strict than my parents were, and I love to travel, unlike them.

14. I retired early at fifty but sometimes wish I had waited until fifty-five for a better pension, though I benefit from excellent health insurance.

15. I love traveling and have visited places like Boston, New Orleans, Atlanta, and taken cruises to the Caribbean and Mexico. I hope to visit Alaska next.

16. I am generally happy and enjoy inspiring and encouraging others, which makes me feel good.

17. Getting married and having my children are among my most memorable experiences.

18. I wish I could stop my weight from fluctuating and avoid using food as a comfort.
