1. I was diagnosed almost two years ago because I felt like I was always going to be hurt, that someone was out to get me. I had nightmares, panic attacks, anxiety attacks, outbursts of anger, and was always in emotional pain, wanting to hit somebody.

2. I was stationed in Germany for three years, and it was a great experience. The food was great, the Bavarian Alps and the snow were beautiful, and I loved the people.

3. Being assaulted in the military is something I wish I could forget. I felt helpless, alone, ashamed, and angry.

4. I had a memorable experience having a baby, which is something I'll never forget.

5. I recently enjoyed planting seeds for some vegetables and making a garden.

6. I argued with a lady at the grocery store who tried to cut in line, and I politely told her I was in line, but she didn't want to move.

7. I have a son who is grown, handsome, and a father of two. Being a parent is hard for me, especially not becoming angry too quickly, but the best part is being able to cultivate a mind and love someone unconditionally.

8. I don't have a real family; I haven't seen my brothers in like twenty or thirty years, and my parents are dead. My son lives in another state.

9. I went through a lot of trauma as a child, so as a parent, I was very afraid for my child to go through the same trauma and tried to protect him from it.

10. I find it hard to go back to civilian life after the military because, in the military, you're told to handle things, but in the civilian world, you have to go through many hoops and talk to different people to get something done.

11. I feel therapy is useful because I can now recognize a trigger and act accordingly if I want to.

12. I felt really happy when I saw my grandchildren when they came to visit.

13. I wish I could change that I could trust people, not lash out at them, and sleep at night.

14. I have a fish aquarium that keeps me calm, and I enjoy sitting on the beach, facing the water, thinking, talking to God, and wishing I were somewhere else, like Hawaii.

15. I can't let people get too close to me; if they do, I lash out. I don't want anybody in my area of protection, so I stay away from people, but it's hard because you can't live in this world without other people.

16. I was pulled over by the police, and they were very rude to me because they had someone with my name. I wasn't happy with the way they treated me.

17. I feel like therapy is useful because I can recognize a trigger now and act accordingly if I want to.

18. I wish I had handled a situation differently when I was pulled over by the police and they were rude to me.

19. I have noticed changes since going to therapy, like recognizing triggers and acting accordingly.

20. I wish I could forget being assaulted in the military because it made me feel helpless, alone, ashamed, and angry.

21. I have a son and grandchildren, and I'm most proud of them in my life.

22. I wish I could change that I could trust people, not lash out at them, and sleep at night.

23. I have a fish aquarium that keeps me calm, and I enjoy sitting on the beach, facing the water, thinking, talking to God, and wishing I were somewhere else, like Hawaii.

24. I can't let people get too close to me; if they do, I lash out. I don't want anybody in my area of protection, so I stay away from people, but it's hard because you can't live in this world without other people.

25. I was pulled over by the police, and they were very rude to me because they had someone with my name. I wasn't happy with the way they treated me.

26. I feel like therapy is useful because I can recognize a trigger now and act accordingly if I want to.

27. I wish I had handled a situation differently when I was pulled over by the police and they were rude to me.

28. I have noticed changes since going to therapy, like recognizing triggers and acting accordingly.

29. I wish I could forget being assaulted in the military because it made me feel helpless, alone, ashamed, and angry.

30. I have a son and grandchildren, and I'm most proud of them in my life.
